after checking an engine and the situation
of this vehicle decided to participate
from the auction
he already bought a motorcycle and now he looks for
a car that has an initial bid of
up to 800 reais depending on the price
will leave the price will come out and who has
much surprise people the errant card
none with too much weight this mason
also wants to pay cheap in a vehicle
on the search for a motorcycle that
value of 2 thousand reais
We're looking here to try to see if
I find a moment of less value than the
trade there are 760 vehicles that were
seized and are collected in the
of uberlândia will be auctioned between
those who can return to circulation and
scraps only 600 bikes 154 cars five
trailers and a truck
The objective of the auction is to fulfill more or
what the law determines is not that it is
Unwind the patio first
because there will come a time that does not have
more where to put car and also how to
comply with this rule which states that
each is new from 90 days
seized vehicle and is liable to
be auctioned or pg or 2003 model as
this for example has the initial bid of
three thousand reais in the market it costs
about 13 thousand reais
the buyer comes to evaluate and find
interesting he participates in the auction
any person can acquire a vehicle
during the auction as soon as the person
interested in participating in an auction
the vehicle is to pay
obviously pay the value of the
then ask whether the vehicle is
recoverable requests is put in day
some some regulations some
determinations as planned and he
informed that in time to be able to
circular with it would be with
for the name itself and if it is not
recoverable the person can
and enjoy the pieces the way I
better with bias the person